README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ErtonDev/TR-ES_JG/main/resources/logoTR_orange.png" width="100"/>
  <h1 align="center">BoxPile</h1>
</p>

[![Python 3.9](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.9-yellow.svg)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Build](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supported_OS-Windows-orange.svg)]()
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ErtonDev/stable-BoxPile?style=social)](https://github.com/ErtonDev/stable-BoxPile)

Last stable version of BoxPile: **V0.2.7 Alpha**

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ErtonDev/TR-ES_JG/main/resources/BoxPile.jpg"/>
</p>

### English
This executable won't work without the .env file available in our discord server exclusively for members of the current testing app trial.

---

### Español
Este ejecutable no funcionará sin el archivo .env disponible en nuestro servidor de discord exclusivo para miembros del periodo de prueba.

---

### Català
CAT: Aquest executable no funcionarà sense l'arxiu .env disponible al nostre servidor de discord exclusiu per a membres del període de proba.

Commit message:

BoxPile is not being supported

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ErtonDev/TR-ES_JG/main/resources/logoTR_orange.png" width="100"/>
  <h1 align="center">BoxPile</h1>
</p>

[![Python 3.9](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.9-yellow.svg)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Build](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supported_OS-Windows-orange.svg)]()
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ErtonDev/stable-BoxPile?style=social)](https://github.com/ErtonDev/stable-BoxPile)

# WARNING: BoxPile is not being supported at the moment. Any attempt of using the app will result in an error message. We are looking forward to create a V1.0.0 product with a more professional approach to education. Until then, BoxPile and its servers have been shut down. Thanks for your support :)

Last stable version of BoxPile: **V0.2.7 Alpha**

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ErtonDev/TR-ES_JG/main/resources/BoxPile.jpg"/>
</p>

### English
This executable won't work without the .env file available in our discord server exclusively for members of the current testing app trial.

---

### Español
Este ejecutable no funcionará sin el archivo .env disponible en nuestro servidor de discord exclusivo para miembros del periodo de prueba.

---

### Català
CAT: Aquest executable no funcionarà sense l'arxiu .env disponible al nostre servidor de discord exclusiu per a membres del període de proba.
